Ah.
Good morning, Lady Wang.
It’s not early, Your Highness.
I’ve been waiting for you for a while.
May Your Highness be blessed with peace and prosperity.
I heard the Emperor punished Consort Yan last night because of you.
You did very well.
Get up, thank you, Empress Dowager.
The harem is no longer dominated by Consort Yan’s faction.
Empress Dowager.
Actually, I didn’t do anything last night.
It was the Emperor’s own decision.
What kind of person is the Emperor?
Do you think I don’t know?
You don’t need to feel embarrassed.
Getting the Emperor’s favor is your skill.
I won’t blame you.
But I really didn’t do anything.
What are they really trying to do?
It shouldn’t just be about watching Consort Yan’s misfortune.
Don’t be afraid of the Emperor using you as a scapegoat.
Rest assured, as long as you can stand up to Consort Yan,
I will fully support you.
Of course.
In the past life, the Empress Dowager did this.
It was to help me become the Empress.
What does the Empress Dowager want me to do?
Hmph, talking to smart people is straightforward.
Very simple.
I want you to help me remove Consort Yang.
It’s simple, but the Empress Dowager might not know.
In my past life, under the Emperor’s protection,
you never harmed a single hair on Consort Yan.
This might not be appropriate.
After all, the Emperor still loves Consort Yan.
So it depends on your ability.
Consort Yan’s ambitions must be eradicated.
So, will you do it or not?
The attack has been decided.
Yesterday’s incident.
Consort Yan probably sees me as a thorn in her side.
From now on, it’s either her death or mine.
Do it.
I will do it.
But—
But, um—
I have a condition.